Fugitive Geometry
Artist Owen Harvey knows how to
use all the angles.

ARTS&LIVING

Page B8

SECTION B
Wednesday,
October 31, 2007

INSIDE: Sports, Classified,
Schools, Family, Calendar

NEW PALTZ

KINGSTON

YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE

Annual
radio-thon
is set for
Nov. 8th
FROM STAFF REPORTS
Ulster County Press

PHOTO BY MATT PETRICONE

A TRIO OF BLOODY REVELERS. Volunteers at the New Paltz Teen Center prepare for New Paltz Youth Program 14th Annual
Haunted House, which runs from 5 to 10 p.m. today at The Teen Seen, 220 Main Street in New Paltz.

WOODSTOCK

Mechanical Bull bucks trend
with “A Million Yesterdays”
BY ANDREW HICKEY
Ulster County Press
Chase Pierson never intended to start a
country band. He didn’t even consider himself a musician. But, like in a country song
he might write over the following two years,
Pierson got divorced.
“It came out of the blue,” Pierson said.
“Two years ago, I got divorced. I started
messing around - writing a few country
songs - and people liked them.”
As Pierson developed his talent as a songwriter, he also grew himself a band chock
full of talented Woodstockers - Mechanical
Bull.
“There were no country rockabilly bands
around here, so I figured, why the hell not.”
And why the hell not cobble together a
veritable who’s who of Woodstock musicians to round out your band and chip in on
your newly released sophomore album, “A
Million Yesterdays”? (releases Nov. 1 on
Woodstock MusicWorks)
Pierson, who helms Mechanical Bull on
guitar and vocals, combined with eight local
musicians to press the second album. Adam
Widoff, a multi-instrumentalist and producer from Woodstock, kicks in on guitar, bass,
drums, organ and piano. Woodstock’s Dave
Malachowski, who has played with everyone
from Shania Twain to Garth Hudson, is on
guitar. Chris Zaloom appears on slide guitar;
George Quinn on bass, guitar and mandolin;

COURTESY PHOTO

Avalon PEACOCK and Chase PIERSON
J-Bird Bowman on drums and vocals;
Chase’s brother Josh Pierson on banjo and
saxophone and John Medeski, of Medeski,
Martin & Wood, on organ.
“We have some great legendary old Woodstock people,” Pierson said of Mechanical
Bull, whose roster fluctuates between three
and seven members, depending on the venue.
Perhaps the most prominent contributor

besides Pierson is singer Avalon Peacock, a
Woodstocker who lends a voice sorrowful
enough to make you want to get drunk and
gentle enough to remind you that you already are.
In fact, on Mechanical Bull’s Myspace
page, the band’s influences listed are “dysfunctional marriages, alcoholism and the
American dream.”
That tongue-in-cheek round-up also sheds
a little light on Pierson’s development as a
songwriter. Mechanical Bull’s first album,
“All Hat No Cattle,” was “more of a bittersweet comedy,” Pierson said, “tragic songs
about relationships.”
But Pierson, who admits that he never
thought of himself as much of a musician
and had to overcome shyness to sing to a
crowd, grew in confidence and ability.
“Then I started writing for fun,” he said,
referring to the process of creating the second album. “Everyone was kind of surprised. Mechanical Bull is supposed to have
this edge. I’m glad I went in that different direction.”
“A Million Yesterdays” is actually more of
a mix of three themes - light-hearted jaunts
like “Biggest nerd in the class;” soulful,
haunting ballads like “Dreaming days;” and,
good old my-dog-died-and-my-truck-brokedown country songs like “Debts” (which includes one of the most infectious lyrics on
the album, growled my Pierson and sung by
TURN TO BULL, PAGE B2.

KINGSTON

ELLENVILLE

Program will
distribute books
to at-risk kids

A MONUMENTAL TURNAROUND

FROM STAFF REPORTS
Ulster County Press
Now in its third year, the
Kingston Library – with
sponsorship
from
the
Friends of the Kingston Library - will be distributing
paperback books to organizations that serve at-risk children in Ulster County.
The Story Box program
was originally funded in 2003
through Ulster County, but in
the second year that funding
was discontinued. The
Friends of the Kingston Library stepped in and raised
money to let it continue be-

On Thursday, Nov. 8, the
WGHQ Happy Christmas
Fund will air its 40th annual radio-thon to help
needy families and seniors during the holiday
season.
Community leaders will
be taking over the microphones for the radio-thon,
which will begin at 7 a.m.
and continue to 5 p.m.
from Boice’s Milk House
at 62 O’Neil Street in
Kingston. The public is invited to come by and visit
with the hosts and sample
Boice’s Ice Cream.
The Fund began in 1968
by radio station WGHQ to
help needy families during the Christmas season.
The Fund is an independent corporation made up
of
local
volunteers.
WGHQ (Pamal Broadcasting) donates the broadcast
time for the radio-thon
and public service announcements to remind
listeners to support the
Fund. WGHQ covers all
administrative costs the
Fund incurs.
The WGHQ Happy
Christmas Fund principally raises its support by
a radio-thon in the November-December time
period. The money raised
is used to buy gift certificates for children’s toys
and clothes, and food for
seniors.
Distributions to the
needy over the last 39
years
have
totaled
$967,800. Each year the radio-thon is able to help
close to 1,500 children in
the Kingston-SaugertiesOnteora school district
area.
School districts are the
primary resource in re-

ceiving the names of
needy families. All names
are received in the
strictest of confidence.
Once the names are determined, gift certificates are
sent to each family depending on the number of
children they have.
The WGHQ Happy
Christmas Fund is nonsectarian, and 100 percent
of all donations are distributed to the needy.
No cash is given to the
Happy Christmas Fund recipients, only gift certificates for children’s toys,
clothes and food. The
WGHQ Happy Christmas
Fund is a tax-exempt corporation and is registered
with the New York State
Department of Charities.
There are no administration expenses taken from
donations.
Donations
can
be
dropped off at the Boice
Dairy Milk House; Ulster
Savings Bank locations on
Schwenk Drive and Wall
Street in Kingston and the
Twin Maples location in
Saugerties; Mid-Hudson
Valley Federal Credit
Union locations on Morton Blvd and Hurley Ave
in Kingston and Route 9W
in Saugerties; Rondout
Savings Bank locations on
Schwenk Drive, Broadway
and Ulster Ave. in
Kingston, and Route 375 in
West Hurley; and Ulster
Federal Credit Union offices on Washington Avenue and Ulster Avenue in
Kingston, and their Barclay Heights office in
Saugerties.
Or donations can be
mailed to the WGHQ Happy Christmas Fund, Inc.
82 John St., Kingston, NY
12401.

cause of the importance of
reaching out to the community.
This year, Family of Woodstock, Ulster County Department of Social Services, the
Kingston Parks and Recreation Department and Ulster
County Head Start received
books.
Bruce George, Library Director, said last year he went
to Head Start to see how the
program impacted the children and found that during
their story time youngsters
ages 4 through 7 were making use of the donated books.

QUOTE OF THE WEEK
‘It’s not like a typical Regents class.’
MARTICE MCCLELLAN, New Paltz High School student, on
taking a Forensics class in school

PHOTO BY MATT PETRICONE

CAPTION HERE. When local high school football games saw Ellenville on the schedule, they automatically read it as ‘easy
win.’ After all, Ellenville hadn’t had a winning record since 1994. But that all changed this year for the Blue Devils, who won a
league championship. Rick Remsnyder chronicles the team’s surprising improvement.
FOR MORE ON THIS STORY, SEE OUR SPORTS SECTION PAGES B6 AND B7.

