MHN І MANAGEMENT
Sound + Vision Syndicate
Crowned Kings Productions

Post Meeting (6/20/2008) Memorandum


ITEM:  Review concept for Ringo Starr Music Series – has Amex signed on as official sponsor?  If yes, next steps.  (i.e., how to utilize Abe for ‘after effects’, etc.)  If not, are there other potential corporate sponsors lined up?

► STATUS:  Chase stated he was in contact with Ross in LA and if Amex signs on officially, they are projecting 1st Q 2009 to begin work (budgets, national ad campaign, etc. to be put in place)

ITEM:  Discuss ideas surrounding Reality TV Show concepts for CMT, VH1, etc.  (MB, Small Town Secrets, Northern Exposure meets The Office, etc.)

►  STATUS:  Abe stated that we have contacts with VH1 and CMT and if we have concepts to present, they are looking for material.

ITEM:  Discuss possibilities of ‘concert series’ (Woodstock-based – i.e., The Felice Brothers, similar to “intimate performances”  and ‘Woodstock to Austin’ idea – contact - Kevin Hartland / Bear’s Hill Theatre)

► STATUS:  Chase sent a message to the Felice Brothers; however, they are currently touring in Europe.  Awaiting feedback from Kevin Hartland as well.

ITEM:  Mechanical Bull music:  discuss promotional activities including immediate NY airplay, featured showcases, venues with other artists, Pump Audio, Tune Core, Reverb Nation, etc. (need to decide on 2-3 songs to market ASAP – mastered mp3 versions)

► STATUS:  Chase emphasized that he is free to promote his music however he sees fit.  MHN can immediately begin promotions – working on NYC venues (The Cutting Room, Knitting Factory, Crazy Donkey, etc…) as well as gaining airplay on the radio.   Other alternative media outlets were discussed.  Chase will decide on 3-4 mp3’s for promos.  Maria will write a press release to raise industry awareness of the latest CD and work in conjunction with solid creative partners to promote MB appropriately.  Mike will assist with marketing on Pump Audio and Tune Core and MHN will also coordinate with Reverb Nation and Sonicbids for additional media outlets.  (i.e., Maria was just notified about the DNC compilation CD on 6/20/08 – how about ‘American Track’)  Maria will send Chase a standard draft ‘Finder Agreement’ for his review.  This will be a non-exclusive Agreement whereby MHN will only share a percentage of monies when we are responsible for bringing deals to the table.




ITEM:  ‘Marriage is Gay’ website concept:  promotional ideas and gorilla marketing

► STATUS:  The target milestone for this project would be over the next 4-6 weeks.  Website should be fully functioning (Chase already owns the URL) – there is a ‘Pledge In’ where visitors would click to join and everyone who joins would be added to the MIG Blog - Coding is necessary for the website to be functional.  Chase suggested that $1-2k is the best estimate for getting this off the ground.  With this being an election year, time is of the essence to begin promoting this ASAP.  Example:  Have MIG parties around the country – major cities – involve the local GLB organizations and have them help throw parties.  (think MIG buttons, t-shirts, who for a spokesperson?!)  Press release and a Philly-like ‘JibJab’ video idea discussed.  Gorilla / viral marketing at its best is needed for this to work!  

ITEM:  MHN / SVS / CKP Corporate Structures – for now, it makes sense to keep entities separate; however, it would be beneficial for all entities to cross promote (i.e., MHN will place a link to SVS and MB on its website and CKP will place a link to SVS and SVS shall place links to MHN and CKP).  It may be necessary in the near future to come up with a subsidiary in order to reap tax benefits – in essence create a ‘new’ LLC identity for certain joint ventures.  (i.e., ‘Crowned Syndicate Management’ or ‘THOSE GUYS’)

► STATUS:  To be discussed.
Ten Hanover Square Ι New York, NY 10005 Ι  HYPERLINK "http://www.mhnmanagement.com" minfantine@mhnmanagement.com
C:  617.785.0466  Ι  f:  212.656.1164




** Next Steps:  Review this post meeting Memo and add ‘Resources’ where necessary and timelines to ensure targets are met.
	–  PAGE 2 –	 TIME \@ "MMMM d, yyyy" June 21, 2008 



6/21/2008

  





