Radio Big Muddy — Episode 1: "How We Got Here"
Recorded: March 17, 2026
Guests: Amy Allen, Tracy Allen, Chase Pierson
Location: The round table in the parlor of The Big Muddy Inn, 411 North Commerce Street, Natchez, MS

00:00:00 Speaker: Welcome to radio Big Muddy. We're here today because we just decided that we thought maybe this would help with marketing. So here we are. okay. And that's how we got here, right? I guess I don't know, y'all just tell me what to do. Um, well, yeah, that is true. But it's also kind of fun because it's a, this is a platform where, you know, we can talk to interesting people from the Deep South and the music scene and, you know, and a place to make friends. Yes. And that's exactly what we need here. We're trying to build a friendship where we all benefit from. So that's that's the ultimate goal for the Big Muddy Radio. Mhm. Is just to have fun with other people who enjoy music and other people. It's not just music, it's art. It's just enjoy having a good time and understand what it's like to be the importance of, of making memories. And we do that. That's what we've been doing since we got here a few years ago, but now it's just a good time for other people to get here because it is absolutely fantastic what's going on in this community. I agree as a as a, you know, New Yorker of the last twenty five, almost thirty years, I have to say, I've forgotten how much I love the South and how much I miss it. You know, because I spent half my childhood in the South. And I tell you, it's been a really nice experience coming back down here and seeing why I like it. And what's, you know, interesting is that there's, um, there's a big gap in people's understanding of what life and culture is like down here. And it's people have assume the worst, assume that it's like all the things that they don't like, they don't like red states, they don't like this, they don't like that. And without ever even visiting or experiencing it, you know? And, uh, so I, uh, I feel privileged that I get to kind of come down and hang out me to the fabric of the cultures down here. Multiple cultures down here are just Fantastic and represented every day. I mean, every day. Um, I guess tourism, uh, is what keeps everything in business here in Natchez. And so, um, we want to, we want to highlight the businesses and so tourists know where to go, right? Right. Where to stay? Right. Mhm. And so when you, when you you're not from Natchez originally, right. But you, you moved here a few years ago. So what kind of like, what inspired you to move here and what was your, what's kind of some of the funny stories of just showing up in this strange little town? Well, I think that the way the story is going to flow is if I start. Okay. So and then I interrupt and then you can interrupt as many times as you need. But but how we got here really started in my den back in twenty twenty one. In twenty one, in August of twenty one. My friend Rob, he and I sat down and we were like, what are we going to get? Tracy and Leanne for their birthdays. And at the same time we were in that discussion. Another friend called and said, hey, Amy, what are you doing? I was like, nothing. And she was like, her name is Sherry. And she was like, Amy, I just got back from Natchez, Mississippi, and I had the most amazing time. And I'm like, well, really, what did you do? And she was like, we went down there and we made biscuits with this lady named Regina Charboneau. And I just think you would have a good time. And I said, well, thank you so much for the for the recommendation. And I hung up the phone. I said, that's what we're doing. So I got online and I said, all right. And Regina's website, it had her number on it. I called her number and she answered. And I was like, gosh, she just answered the phone, Rob. And he was like, cool. And the wind was blowing real bad. And she, I said, hello, and she goes, hi, can I help you? And I said, yes, we would like to take your biscuit class. And she goes, well, I'm on the phone. I mean, I'm on a boat right now with Andrew Zimmern and I'll call you back tomorrow. And I said, all right. And then I hung up the phone. I said, Rob, that woman is never going to remember to call me back. But sure enough, next day she calls me back and she goes, yeah, just, you know, it was real simple, like, get on my website and book it and then you've got it. And so I'll send you a gift certificate and you can give it to Tracy and he can give it to Robin. I mean, Rob can give it to Lily. And I said, okay. And so that's that condensed part. Well, then October rolls around and it's time to use the gift certificate. And we all six of us, it was me, Tracy, Leanne, Rob, David and Renee. We all pile in one navigator and you know, those girls are high maintenance. Me, David, Rob got backpacks. They've got multiple situations going on, but we managed to get in there and I called her like a week before and I was like, well, we forgot to get places to stay. Where should we stay? And she was like, the burn. So we all piled in the burn, which we now know is just a fabulous bed and breakfast in itself on union. And we all three stayed there and had the fabulous breakfast and all. And then we got to Regina's, uh, cooking school and it was over. It was over. We didn't know it yet, but it was. Yeah. And I mean, you know, you haven't interrupted, but I can tell by the way you're holding your hands like this. That is not true. Look, look. No, it's not true. Okay, you don't have to interrupt. I can keep going. So she made us French seventy five. And then I'll say we had. We. We ordered the complete brunch class. It was more than the biscuit class. We had the complete brunch. So we get there. We've got French seventy five. We've got shrimp and grits and all this stuff to make, and we end up doing that. And she's in the process telling us about. You know, all of her journeys and all of her stories. We learn about how Prince gave her a song. And my eyes are like this big and I can't cook or do anything other than just listen to her. And then at some point, she she loved us so much that she said, hey, I'm, I'm redoing the food at the casino. Y'all want to go hang out there and maybe I order some dishes and y'all give us your opinions. And then we got there and, uh, I mean, everything was just we start talking about how she was the American queen, uh, food ambassador, and then she invites us to take a, a cruise, uh, any one of them that she would be on. And she sent us like a, a group of ten that we could choose from. And we all left there saying we were going to go on a, on the cruise. But out of the three couples, we're the only ones that could actually go. But the funny part is Regina. I mean, she. Regina. Is she. She's a. She brings people together. It's just. It's just who she is and always has been. And, uh, but. So she knew we were trouble. Because when you get together with our little gang of friends from El Dorado, it's always trouble. And you, you know, shove us in one car. And she said she. We went to Regina's kitchen for that restaurant that was here for that, uh, for dinner the night before. And she said she looked out the window and these people were falling out of all six of us, out of this one car, out of the navigator. And she said, and one of them was smoking a cigarette, we're not going to tell which one it was. And maybe it had lots of drinks, and someone was kind of falling over a little bit. And she goes, oh, there's my there's my glass. I know that's got to be my glass. I can see it, I can tell. And we had Arkansas plates. And she knew. So she knew she was from Arkansas. Oh no. And so anyway, to make a long story shorter, uh, Tracy and I take her up on one of her offers that said, you know, if you'll come down here, come on, one of my cruises. I'll just show you a good time. And so we did, we went on a ten day cruise and it was the first cruise post-COVID that the, uh, was it the Countess or the Duchess? I thought it was the Countess, the countess, the American Countess. It was going up the snake in Sindh River. And, uh, and we spent ten days together. And I guess if the if the ship held two hundred and eighty three people, well out of two hundred and eighty three, there were only seventy six of us on board. And so we all kind of awesome became became a family. And every night I would play the piano in the piano lounge and everybody would come gather around and we would just, you know, make small talk and all. And then one night Regina said, why in the world do y'all not just pack up everything you own and come to Natchez and be an excursion for the American Queen. American Queen voyages at the time was coming two to three times a week here in Natchez. They've since then gone bankrupt, and those same ships that we were on are now in the scrap yard. That's how you know quickly this story. You know, time passes. But anyway, so she said, why don't y'all come to Natchez and just pursue the thought of finding a place where y'all can have a show and you do blues numbers. And Tracy, you cook an elevated menu and we'll call it bubbles, bites and blues. And it was exclusively for American Queen voyages. And that was a beautiful what do you say, Tracy? Six or eight months? I don't know, it was I'm jumping, I'm jumping story. No jumping in the story. You are. But it's okay because we did end up coming and we looked at for. We did. And we weren't crazy. I mean, it wasn't like we left. We were already planning. We were already scouting. To look, we had. We raised five children and they had finally all gone away. And was it sad? Was it happy? Sad? Was it happy? I don't know all the things. Well, we knew what it was when Covid happened and they came and they came back. And they just went away. Came back? How we really felt. No. We're kidding. We. It was something. But they all came home. And then right after Covid, they all went back to college and, and their respective lives. And we were looking for a place and really thinking something further away. And Regina said, you know, just come and see. It's not too far from your home. You still have business there. I mean, your mother's still alive. And we just had not considered it, to be honest. Natchez was my grandparents place. I didn't ever really put it in my mind as some place to visit often because my grandma, I don't know, it just didn't seem like something. It was just where Mae Mae went. I know, look at houses with antiques, and I was already surrounded by. I know she grew up with. I couldn't handle it anymore and I certainly wasn't going. So we came and we looked at these houses and she. She and her husband, Doug, ran around with us. We looked at lots of houses and she knew immediately. I mean, she she had already decided which one it was. And so we, you know, hemmed and hawed and went round and round. And for eleven North Commerce became the place. And it was perfect because it's across from Stanton Hall, right along the, uh, routes where the buses go from the cruise ships. And it's just been an absolute trip and wonderful experience ever since. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, and then it it's, it's so funny because we came back that time we came back, we hadn't even decided. And we're sitting we go over to Regina's and have dinner. She brought a bunch of people over there, Kerry and Caitlin. Who else was there? Debbie and Bo and our best friends. Now, we were all sitting around the table and I said we were just talking and drinking lots of wine and all those things. I said, well, I guess we need to create an LLC and do this thing. And so they laughed about it. I said, but let's, let's make it fun. And we had a contest for who could come up with the name of our LLC. And we told them that they would get a big prize. And so we worked on that forever. Um, came up with that and just it just kept rolling. The winner was A2 Natchez. It was. And Bo came up with it, but that you should have seen the crazy names. We had given them a list, like I wrote down on a big pad of paper, a list of different things about us they could come from. Yeah, all everyone suggestions. I can't remember what they were. They were crazy. And Bo came up with A2 Natchez and he got one of your dad's mudmen for it. And just just to clarify, uh, first off, we have jumped all over the map, which we will do every time we sit down here at this round table, we will jump all over the map and we will answer a question halfway, and then we might finish it thirty minutes later. But in order to stay on track. So I want to make it clear the four properties that we view because it's important about this because because that's how we ended up here. So what four did we visit? We looked at the kitchen. Oh yeah. That's the fabulous apartments. They were all so awesome. There are so many properties here. They're just jump on Zillow. You will not believe it. The properties here, the other two were just people's personal residences. There's one on the bluff for business. And then there was this. And when we walked in we thought, okay, this is this is it, I wasn't sold. Regina had already Regina had already decided. I was sold with whatever got me to making music again. I didn't care, I just needed I just needed that give give you a little cup and put you on the side of the road. Right. I just needed the music. Yes, the music room. You could have the six rooms. So anyway, yes. So who are some of the people that, um, you think you might want to have as guests on the show? Oh, gosh. I mean, first of all, I cannot. There's just so many. First of all, Regina, she is the biscuit queen and she is the queen of everything. She is amazing. And her husband, Doug, they're awesome. Um, her stories are just unbelievable. We have so many artist friends here. Well, for me, you want to do Regina? I'm excited. We had. One of the things that I'm excited to grow is, is our concerts here and our musicians and, um, making it just a really eclectic venue for, for people. And I kind of want to always keep it on sixty and under. And that's including us just because I want to keep that intimate setting for these artists that feel like they're just in a vacuum and then can come here and even surprise themselves sometimes. And so after their shows, I would like to have them here so that we can just hash everything out. So I want my first guest to be Nancy, who just had a show here, March the seventh and I, I was working so I, I got to here most of it, but I want to ask her why she chose some of the songs on her set. Oh, definitely. She has to be first. I have to hear her stories about why she chose what she chose and, um, maybe get her to sing another one for us while she's here. Um, but I mean, I know, like, Regina. I want y'all to meet Monique, the little girl right down the street who does the flower kateli Kate Lee, who carry who we call her, her she or should we call her our house rep? Because she writes around and helps us. We will never run out of of people. Amazing people, amazing people. Whether it's just here or wherever, we will never run out. Maybe it's someone listening is an amazing community. I, you know, I love communities where it's really tight knit and everyone helps each other and that's what this seems to be. Absolutely. I felt like that since day one. I sure have, I sure have. And and as time progresses, we'll get into, you know, there's so many other facets to this story. Um, the one that comes to mind at the time was we said we stayed at the burn well, in order to entice us. Regina put some she had already made the cake, but then she put some icing on the cake by inviting us to the burn after we had after we had put an offer on the house. And, uh, she wanted to, um, get together with her and some of her closest friends to introduce us to, to everyone. And, um, uh, so we show up at the barn after just being with Janice all day and about to about to, you know, put this thing to rest and own this place. And, and we pulled up to the barn and there are cars everywhere. And I looked at Tracy, I said, Tracy, there must be some kind of wedding here or something. These people are not here to meet the piano player from Arkansas. I guarantee that's what they call me. The piano player from Arkansas. And, um, we get closer up and I thought, this is a this is about to please b a wedding, please, b a wedding. No, we open those big doors at the barn and it is. I don't know, just I know I exaggerate, but over two hundred people there. Oh, is that not two? But how about one? Maybe seventy maybe. But anyway. Anything started out as three. I mean anything, a big party. It was. And it was beautiful out on the grounds. And it was. It was just beautiful. Everything Terrell does is amazing. So we'll have to talk to him about the burn and the history of the burn. I mean, just just I mean, it's just endless. It is. And what about you, Chase? So you when when you came. I know you came to Memphis to work for a while and then you headed down this way. Did you already get sort of the southern vibe when you hit Memphis? Or was it not until you get. Oh, definitely. But it's a different level here, you know? Yeah. And Memphis is I really like Memphis. I do too. And, um, but it's, uh, it's urban, right? Whereas, you know, this has, uh, not so much of an urban vibe. It's just kind of a small town, small town vibe, you know? And, uh, and the surrounding towns are real small, you know? And so, yeah, it was a pleasant surprise. I had no idea what to expect when I got here. I didn't do really too much like, you know, research ahead of time. And I was just figuring I'll figure it out when I get there. That's usually how I roll. And, uh, so I was just like, super stoked when I got here. And then y'all took us around and we took you to the barn. That was. That's the barn. We've got a history here. We took you to the. Oh, that's the place where we have the Christmas carols place. So that was your first experience of one of those homes, too? Yeah. Yeah. No, that was amazing. And, um, and it's kind of fun how everyone likes to get dressed up and go to little parties and stuff. Oh, yeah. We love to cocktail here. It's fun, you know, because I get life gets boring if you don't do stuff. You know, just do your job every day and then watch some TV. Right? I can assure you that. I mean, and people say it all the time when people come and visit here and stay here for a night, they just their eyes are huge. They're like, I feel like I've met more friends here than I ever. And I'm like, I know. I said, come twice and see what happens. You'll be invited to every cocktail party in town. I mean, there's always something going on on someone's porch and it's just really awesome. Now I'm interrupting you now. Chase, when we first started our radio show this this evening, you had said that you had grown up in the South or were spent part of your childhood in the South. So what is the first memory as you were walking around Natchez that reminded you of your childhood or your faith? Well, I would say it's the accents and just kind of some of the styles of speaking. Yes, ma'am. Yes, sir. You know, and because when I got when I went to college in New York after, you know, spending the previous, like, I don't know, six, seven years in the South. Um, I had, I had a southern accent. And so that was like, and so it comes back when I get immersed in the, uh, in those environments. So that was a big thing. The weather is fabulous. I know, you know, it's like almost all year round. It's pretty much amazing. And, um, except for like July and August, you know, a little too hot. It is, but I, I don't know, the first, the first year I thought, I'm not going to make it. And, but there is something about the breezes along the Mississippi River that I've sort of gotten used to it. And I mean, the tropical. You know, it's so tropical. It's so beautiful that you, I don't know. Yeah. The vegetation is amazing. I didn't know it was going to be so colorful and beautiful flowers and stuff. You know, reminds me of some, like, real pretty spots in Florida or whatever. You know, it's got that same tropical thing. And, um, it's definitely, you know, it's definitely a little bit of a culture shock from a northeastern person to come down here and just the cuisine is different. Yeah. And people are real friendly and people, the thing that that really got me about the South when I went back after college to, uh, to live in Texas for a while. And you know, because the northeast is, um, people are very reserved, right? And they don't like, um, you know, they, and, But when you get to Texas, you go to a bar and people put on music and everyone's just jumping up, jumping up, clapping, singing along. And it was just so liberating to be like, oh, this is like awesome, man. Like people can just be have a good time. Right? And, and I think that that's like the thing that, you know, kind of stands out to me about the South is that, you know, yeah, there's lots of problems in the world, but. Right. You might as well have a good time and, you know, be nice to everybody instead of just being all, yeah. And, and not just and, and all through the South, we have such a complicated history. And I think that the community here is really trying to embrace that and trying to really look at it with an honest, honest view now and not be afraid of of the past, but to look and see what we can learn. And, and so there's just so much, there's so much to it, both good and bad. However, the one positive thing is how people treat each other in the community. And you may have, you know, huge variety in political views. You may have. There could be all kinds of things. But once you get, I mean, the magic that happens in the blues room here. I have watched it over and over, and I've watched people and seen the list of people who come in from all over and some from here and you know, you know, and then they get in that little room together and then all of a sudden it's a tiny little community and it's magic. Yeah. And people are singing, having fun. Chandra comes running in, getting everyone to dance. You'll meet her at some point. Um, it's very it's just special. Yeah. Good for the soul. Another thing that stands out to chase that we've got to talk about. And that is the fried chicken at the. Oh my gosh. Oh, yeah. He did not know that. Oh, he did not understand that gas stations had fried chicken and that it was good. Oh, really good. Yeah. They got it down. We catch him going to dodges across. Oh yeah. I at like midnight here. I'd be like I just got to have a. Do you get the boneless buffalo wings. Or I haven't had those yet. I've had like the, um what I got, like I got like chicken tenders there, but then I got like the real chick. Yeah. The real chicken thing. Oh, and you get the catfish, too, sometimes. I haven't had that catfish, but I had catfish the other night at Bordeaux's. Yes. And that was really good. I do a really good job at catfish. Oh, yeah, they do. They do. That's another thing about the Natchez and the culture. There's there's a place to eat. You know, all the time. That's you know, that quality. Mhm. Good. Good stuff. Well, I think this has been an excellent, uh, trial run here, and I look forward to getting some guests on the show. I do too, I do too. And also, so Nancy's our first. Okay. Or Nancy. Yeah, we'll get her on here and then we'll start just if we can. If she can schedule it. She is on the Viking cruise ship right now. She called it. She FaceTimed us just a minute ago. And she and Sue, who play together, they were both laying in the bed, waiting until they go on. They're cruising. They took off from here, and then they're going to Vicksburg. Vicksburg? And then are they taking them back to France at Saint Francis Ville? Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. So they get on for one night and do a show and they get off. Yeah. It's fascinating. Yeah, that's a life. Have you ever done one of those shows? Um, well, we had our own excursion. Yeah, they talk about it next time. Where the big bus would bring them here to the front and Tracy would bring them in. We had about fifty to sixty three times a week. But, um, like I said, the operation went bankrupt. And so but we still have Viking. We still have. Yeah, yeah. Uh, you know, we still have two cruise ships that come through every week? Yeah, except for in the dead of summer, because the river is too low. Um, but you know, we have people from all over the world, and now you can get the bubbles, bites and blues that tour that was exclusively for American Queen. It's now exclusive to the Pilgrimage Garden tours here and the Pilgrimage Garden Club. So you have a group, y'all can go down there and you can book The Big Muddy in for. It's a ninety minute show. And like Tracy, like I said, all the menu items from, uh, from Regina's cookbook, Tracy Prepares and champagne and you name it. So it's just a really good time. Yeah, you heard about that next time. And, and talk about how your show and how they did all the rooms. So much to talk about. All right. Well, thank you all for joining us today. And, uh, we'll see you next time. And it's only going to get better from here, I promise.
