 Woodstock MusicWorks Announces the Release of...
 
Mechanical Bull - A Million Yesterdays
Release Date November 1st, 2007

    <http://i130.photobucket.com/albums/p253/chronogram/IMG_9870.jpg>
 
 Mechanical Bull goes national with a big new sound in their second release, "A Million Yesterdays".

The follow up to last year's "All Hat No Cattle" is produced by Adam Widoff
and mixed by Roman Klun, and it features compelling new tunes written by
singer/songwriter/ringleader Chase Pierson, and sung by Pierson and Avalon
Peacock. Fellow Woodstockers George Quinn, Chris Zaloom, J-Bird Bowman and
David Malachowski round out the band. Renowned keyboardist John Medeski
chimes in on B3 for one song.

Most of this summer, Pierson and crew have been hold up in his house,
recording tracks, and experimenting, curiously in the manner of fellow
Woodstockers The Band did at Big Pink decades ago. The juxtaposition of
Pierson's gruff growl and Peacock's angelic yet dark pipes makes for
something quite new and innovative. Add in Zaloom's slinky steel and dobro,
Malachowski's bendy blues licks, Quinn's lovely mandolin, Bowman's
infectious groove, and Widoff on, well, everything, "A Million Yesterdays
comes fresh out of the box timeless and true.



Mechanical Bull has been a local favorite as well as an underground cult hit overseas with it's rootsy/Americana sound and unique and sometimes tragically humorous lyrics...     

John Morris (BBC Radio) said  "Out of the hundreds of albums being released onto the country music market it is not very often that one stands out as being totally different, one such album is Mechanical Bull.  Chase Pierson is a genius ... you will not have heard anything so original for a long, long time !" 


Mechanical Bull's entire first album was just licensed for use in an upcoming Hollywood film to be released soon.  

The new album features:

  Avalon Peacock on vocals.    The daughter of legendary composer Annette Peacock, Avalon has preformed with George Clinton, Coheed and Cambria and many others.
  Adam Widoff on guitar/bass/drums/B3/Piano. Adam is a  multi-instrumentalist musician and producer who lives in Woodstock, NY. Widoff has recorded and performed with Lenny Kravitz, Toshi Reagon, David Torn, Kate Pierson and many others. 
  Dave Malachowski on Guitar is legendary beyond the borders of Woodstock, playing with artists such as Shania Twain, Savoy Brown, Commander Cody and his lost planet airmen, Janie Jricke, Garth Hudson , The Crowmatix and many others.
  Chris Zaloom Local guitar legend on pedal steel, Dobro and Telecaster. 
 George Quinn Plays bass, guitar, mandolin. George has played and recorded with many of the Bluegrass Greats. including John Herald, Vassar Clements,Bill Monroe, Jerry Douglas and many more. 
 J-Bird Bowman on drums and vocals
 Chase Pierson on vocals and guitar
 Josh Pierson, a virtuosic multi-instramentalist,  plays banjo and saxaphone 
 John Medeski of Medeski Martin and Wood plays the B3 organ on "lukewarm Coffee".

A Million Yesterdays was produced by Adam Widoff and Chase Pierson and recorded at Stony Clove Lane Studio in Chichester NY.  The album was mixed and mastered by Roman Klun (Sarah McLauglan)  at Jersville studio in Woodstock NY.

The band is currently gearing up for a national tour and PR campaign...

Mechanical Bull will be featured on WAMC's (FM90.3) "Performance Place" on tuesday Oct 30th at 11:20am




 
 A Million Yesterdays CD Release Party
 Bearsville Theater
 November 1st, 8pm, $10
 Opening the show will be New York City's Erin Sax Seymour, fresh from a
summer tour opening for the samples. Sax Seymour's fresh take on alt-country
will fit right in here, her tunes stick to you like a hair on a biscuit.
 
 
 
 
    <http://i130.photobucket.com/albums/p253/chronogram/IMG_0150.jpg>> 

  
 About Woodstock MusicWorks –

  Founded in 2007, Woodstock MusicWorks is an independently owned and operated record label based in Woodstock, NY. Our Mission is to harness the vast well of musical talent in the Woodstock area and promote our artists with a non-corporate grassroots approach to the music lovers of the world. Within the Woodstock community lives one of the richest histories in music, and we plan to carry that tradition on for generations by hosting a diverse catalog of artists from a variety of genres and styles that will stand the test of time. For more info visit WoodstockMusicWorks.com
 
 
 
